hi guys today we'll exploring the
marvelous world of universe here we are
in Trieste Italy and this is Pierrot
high Bureau he's an Italian student and
this is his University today we'll
follow me to one day a typical student
life this morning Paris got calculus
class better hurry or yoga late Oh looks
like the course doesn't exist anymore
things that up on I guess don't they not
so bad though he'll have the time that
you can the scholarship II was waiting
for so long
lucky day no line Oh perfect
there is something for para very can't
wait to open the hand hope that doesn't
look so good to me with that money he'll
hardly buy a pack of cookies surely not
to use an applicator charge of just
bored will reflect in spectroscope uvd
needs there are now thinking about that
Piero
oh look he's right over there
what's the matter Pierrot what that this
doesn't make any sense where did
everybody go
this was bought a bet debut
everything went wrong
purely sad because you can't see why so
many trouble for someone who just wants
to learn
Pierre is angry because no one gives a
maybe someone doesn't want to study